fix(docker): added info about nginx configuration (#1906)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/installation-updates/docker.md

COPY custom.ini /usr/local/etc/php/conf.d/
```

## Adding custom Nginx configuration

Create a new config file at `/etc/nginx/conf.d/` with the `.conf` or `.inc` extension.

The `.conf` will be added to the main `http` block.

The `.inc` will be added to the main `server block.

## Nginx and PHP_MAX_UPLOAD_SIZE

> The default `client_max_body_size` is equalt to the default `PHP_MAX_UPLOAD_SIZE` which is 128M

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `client_max_body_size` is equal to the default `PHP_MAX_UPLOAD_SIZE`, which is 128M
```

> If you wish to increate the `PHP_MAX_UPLOAD_SIZE` over 128M, you need to manually adjust the `client_max_body_size`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to set the `PHP_MAX_UPLOAD_SIZE` higher than 128M, you need to manually adjust the `client_max_body_size`
```
